fix: readme for adding new projects (#496)
Uniswap/docs: README.md

> # Project Layout

Reviewer: It'd probably be good to still include an intro here explaining what the repo is for (e.g. all docs for Uniswap), that it uses Docusaurus, and generally just intro people reading!

### The project is broken down into 4 sections
- Concepts - General Uniswap information or concepts useful for using Uniswap products, such as *Liquidity* and *Fees*
- Contracts - The Uniswap smart contracts such as *Permit2*, or groupings such as the V3 Contracts
- SDKs - The Uniswap SDKs such the *v3-sdk*
- APIs - The Uniswap APIs such the *Subgraph API*

> ### Each section contains items of that category
> For each item there should be:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each item in a section should include the following:
```

- Overview
- Guides

> - Technical Reference

Reviewer: These headers can be sentences instead of headers - it feels a bit odd to have long section names like this.

# Project Layout

> ### The project is broken down into 4 sections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uniswap documentation is broken down into four sections:
```

- Concepts - General Uniswap information or concepts useful for using Uniswap products, such as *Liquidity* and *Fees*
- Contracts - The Uniswap smart contracts such as *Permit2*, or groupings such as the V3 Contracts
- SDKs - The Uniswap SDKs such the *v3-sdk*
- APIs - The Uniswap APIs such the *Subgraph API*

### Each section contains items of that category
For each item there should be:
- *Overview*
- *Guides*
- *Technical Reference*

> ## Deep dive into the requirements of each part

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding Documentation

Any documentation should include the following parts:
```

### Overview

> This should be an overview of the product.
> It should address points such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A product overview should address points such as:
```

- What are the high level components of the product
- What are the high level functionalities

> - Where does the source code of the product live

Reviewer: question marks here

> - Where does the code artifact live (eg *npm*) and how to integrate with it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Where does the code artifact live (eg *npm*) and how does someone integrate with it?
```

A good example is the [V3 Smart Contracts](./docs/contracts/v3/overview.md).

### Guides

> This should contain guides for using the product.
> Each guide must have 3 parts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guides should ensure users can easily integrate with the product by including the following parts:
```

> - An introduction

Reviewer: Adding more explanation for what's needed in an introduction

```suggestion
- An introduction that gives the developer the needed context and a summary of what the guide will cover and result in
```

> - A step-by-step walk through of each line of code. The guide should not include code that is not part of the example, but should instead reference or link those pieces.

Reviewer: It feels a bit weird to ask for a step-by-step walkthrough but not include any code. I think there should be an expectation we don't post large blocks of code, but I think we should leave room for singular lines, data structures, etc

```suggestion
- A walkthrough of the provided example code. The guide should not directly include large blocks of code, but should instead reference/link to this code as needed, including snippets sparingly when required.
```

- An output or end state that users can test against

A good example is the [V3 SDK Guides](./docs//sdk/v3/guides/01-quick-start.md).

### Technical References
This should contain the technical reference for the exported interfaces.
A good example is the [V3 Smart Contracts](./docs/contracts/v3/reference/overview.md).

## Checklist for adding a new project

> - Did I introduce any new concepts?

Reviewer: What's the action item? This is very vague and not clear it's talking about the "Concepts" section. We should make the action that's needed here clear

- An output or end state that users can test against

A good example is the [V3 SDK Guides](./docs//sdk/v3/guides/01-quick-start.md).

### Technical References
This should contain the technical reference for the exported interfaces.
A good example is the [V3 Smart Contracts](./docs/contracts/v3/reference/overview.md).

## Checklist for adding a new product
Let's walk through an example of adding documentation for new contract, say *Permit2* 

| Question  | Complete |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Pick the right section for the product   | In this case, [contracts](./docs/contracts/)  |
| For that section, do I need to create a new product?   | In this case, [yes](./docs/contracts/permit2/)  |
| Did I introduce any new concepts? | In this case no, but If so add [here](./docs/concepts/) |
| Did I include an Overview of the product? | Yes, I did add them [here](./docs/contracts/permit2/overview.md) |
| Did I include Technical Reference of the product? | They should be added [here](./docs/contracts/permit2/reference) |

> | Did I open a PR using the the [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines | Yes

Reviewer: The framing here feels a bit weird and redundant with answers like "Yes" - can we go back to the checklist question style?

If we want to include an example, we should add that as a subsection IMO

# Project Layout

### The project is broken down into 4 sections
- Concepts - General Uniswap information or concepts useful for using Uniswap products, such as *Liquidity* and *Fees*

> - Contracts - The Uniswap smart contracts such as *Permit2*, or groupings such as the V3 Contracts

Reviewer: super nit: reverse order here for familiarity as permit2 isn't as known as the core protocol contracts

```suggestion
- Contracts - Uniswap smart contracts such as the V3 Contracts or *Permit2*
```

> - SDKs - The Uniswap SDKs such the *v3-sdk*

Reviewer: maybe good to mention the widget here to show this goes beyond the literal low-level SDK's?

```suggestion
- SDKs - Uniswap integrations such as the *v3-sdk* and the *Swap Widget*
```

- APIs - The Uniswap APIs such the *Subgraph API*

### Each section contains items of that category
For each item there should be:
- *Overview*
- *Guides*
- *Technical Reference*

## Deep dive into the requirements of each part

### Overview
This should be an overview of the product.
It should address points such as:

- What are the high level components of the product
- What are the high level functionalities
- Where does the source code of the product live
- Where does the code artifact live (eg *npm*) and how to integrate with it

A good example is the [V3 Smart Contracts](./docs/contracts/v3/overview.md).

### Guides
This should contain guides for using the product.
Each guide must have 3 parts:
- An introduction
- A step-by-step walk through of each line of code. The guide should not include code that is not part of the example, but should instead reference or link those pieces.
- An output or end state that users can test against

A good example is the [V3 SDK Guides](./docs//sdk/v3/guides/01-quick-start.md).

### Technical References

> This should contain the technical reference for the exported interfaces.
> A good example is the [V3 Smart Contracts](./docs/contracts/v3/reference/overview.md).

Reviewer: nit: remove spacing given small content here

```suggestion
This should contain the technical reference for the exported interfaces. A good example is the [V3 Smart Contracts](./docs/contracts/v3/reference/overview.md).
```

> ## Checklist for adding a new product

Reviewer: Should we maybe add this section to the contributing header, maybe with something like "check out our guidelines here and the following checklist:"

Let's walk through an example of adding documentation for new contract, say *Permit2* 

| Question  | Complete |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Did I pick the right section for the product? | In this case, [contracts](./docs/contracts/)  |
| Did I create the product folder?   | In this case, [yes](./docs/contracts/permit2/)  |
| Did I introduce any new concepts? | In this case no, but if so add [here](./docs/concepts/) |
| Did I include an Overview of the product under <product_name>/overview? | Yes, I did add them [here](./docs/contracts/permit2/overview.md) |
| Did I include Guides of the product under <product_name>/guides? | They should be added [here](./docs/contracts/permit2/guides) |
| Did I include Technical Reference of the product under <product_name>/reference? | Yes I added them [here](./docs/contracts/permit2/reference) |

> | Did I open a PR using the the [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines? | Yes

Reviewer: I think the checklist style is better here, this feels a bit repetitive and especially odd when the example doesn't cover all parts. I like the idea of an example though - can we add that as a subsection like: Example: `permit2` and then link to the parts added for it?

# Project Layout

### Uniswap documentation is broken down into four sections:
- Concepts - General Uniswap information or concepts useful for using Uniswap products, such as *Liquidity* and *Fees*
- Contracts - Uniswap smart contracts such as the V3 Contracts or *Permit2*
- SDKs - Uniswap integrations such as the *v3-sdk* and the *Swap Widget*
- APIs - The Uniswap APIs such the *Subgraph API*

### Each item in a section should include the following:
- *Overview*
- *Guides*
- *Technical Reference*

## Adding Documentation

### Overview
A product overview should address points such as:

- What are the high level components of the product?
- What what is the high level functionality the product offers?
- Where does the source code of the product live?
- Where does the code artifact live (eg *npm*) and how does someone integrate with it?

A good example is the [V3 Smart Contracts](./docs/contracts/v3/overview.md).

### Guides
Guides should ensure users can easily integrate with the product by including the following parts:

> - An introduction that gives the developer the required context and a summary of what the guide will cover and result in/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An introduction that gives the developer the required context and a summary of what the guide will cover and result in.
```

- A walk-through of the provided example code. The guide should not directly include large blocks of code, but should instead reference/link to this code as needed, including snippets sparingly when required.
- An output or end state that users can test against

> A good example is the [V3 SDK Guides](./docs//sdk/v3/guides/01-quick-start.md).

Reviewer: nit: double slash

### Technical References
This should contain the technical reference for the exported interfaces. A good example is the [V3 Smart Contracts](./docs/contracts/v3/reference/overview.md).

# Contributing to Uniswap Docs

## Guidelines
Contributing to the docs site is a great way to get involved in the dev community and help other developers along the way! Check out our guidelines [here](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Checklist for adding a new product

- Did I pick the right section for the product? 
- Did I create the product folder?
- Did I introduce any new concepts? If so add under */concepts/<category_name><product_name>*
- Did I include an Overview of the product under *<category_name><product_name>/overview* ?
- Did I include Guides of the product under *<category_name><product_name>/guides* ?

> - Did I include Technical Reference of the product under *<category_name><product_name>/reference* ?

Reviewer: missing slashes here between category/product?
